advertising
r/DidItToday
ate a body like that... Lol
Shocker, hot girl is liked by horny guys 🤷‍♂️
You have 10K karma, a lot of guys jerk and cum on the thought of your body.
[removed]
I feel the same way for any women who aren't looking for a pornstar-sized dick.
just makes my cock look bigger in contrast
r/petitegonewild
Fuck off with your fishing title. You know exactly what will happen.
No worries hun, you will have lots of fans.
I love them. Perfect body and size for tossing around
There wil be a lot of guys who will like your gorgeous body 
Hell yeah!
Gorgeous body
Your body is very cute love. 
If you like it hard and rough
Love it
Your body is perfect!
Love it
I'd happily toss you around the room while bouncing you off every surface in the place 🤤
Such hottness 🥵
A few? Try hundreds of thousands of guys ... and even more now.
Fucking beautiful lady
Oh its   
Is your username a libertines reference?
Hawt
Yes there are!
For sure! You look so pretty 
Poggers
You're fine af.
More than a few. Feisty and petite are my hands down favorite
Sweet little spinner.
All boobs matter
Easy to pick up :)
I am one that love a tiny body. Wish I had one in my life.
Yea you would be fun to play with
I think you'll find more than a few!
I bet there's more than a few
You look absolutely gorgeous:)
Oh yea , your gorgeous hun
I think if most guys had the option......
Yeah, for sure there is! Never worry about that, you are fantastic!
I've been waiting for you to cum back for months 
Definitely are!
Love it darling!!!!
Only five, quite sure the list is much longer than that sweetie 
Cute pussy
Appreciate doesn't even come close to it
Yup. Here.
I definitely do!
So many cock's have unleashed cum to the thought of that body <3
Yes!
Yummmmmmy lil body
Tiny? There is nothing tiny there, it's just gracious.
Oh my god yess!
Your body is what i need !! Absolutely positively straight up perfection!!
I do enjoy a little body for sure
Smoking hot
Just a few
There are ways to make you bigger ;)
I'm sure there's more than a few...
Sexy
More than a few lol
Love it!
I appreciate your body, I'd like to taste you. Could you be my sex toy?
Your very beautiful
The term "spinner" was invented for people like you
easy to toss around in bed :) <3
I do I do !!! So sexy
Very nice! We would have some fun. 
Yes, I'm sure being tiny makes it so difficult to find a partner
Cross fingers and do what?
Just like my wife...a perfect spinner...
Love it
There is a wwwhhhoooolllleeeee subreddit dedicated to your sweet little bod...
Looks like 2k do
100,000% fantastic body.
Of course! Skinny bodies deserve love too!
Hips and back dimples...  I'm dtf!
You can uncross those fingers, id love to get my hands,tongue, etc a hold of that body
So sexy girl
Me I appreciate your body
We appreciate and be willing to worship,
Looks perfect to me!
Appreciated
Wrong. Many appreciate it. Including me.
tiny girls are the best girls even that ass look nice
You are delicious
Noice
Oh please, you know there is a ton of us out here wishing for a girl with a body like yours.
3.5k "just a few"
And that's what I appreciates about you miss Katie's
Oh my goodness - which guy wouldn’t 
How could you not!
perfection
I'm late but who wouldn't?
I love spinners
Are you kidding? You're amazing!
So kissable everywhere
I'd motorboat your butthole
Compliment fishing over 9000 
Much more than a few
I wish I could but I don’t have you so can’t say that I can appreciate it
Here I am sitting at work, eating lunch, browsing reddit... and this pops up. Then I pop up. And now I have my legs crossed because I appreciate the tiny body and hoping nobody noticed. I shouldn't be looking at this at work. Risky click thursday.
I adore your body! Oh how I would love to spend the better part of a weekend in bed with you!
R/petitegonewild

We dont just appreciate them there, we practically worship them
I'd like to show you how much I appreciate it
Great bod 🥵horrible title for a post 🥶
Oh my god YES
Sooo sexy!
I think the amount of comments and ⬆️ you answered your question! You're stunning 
I would have no problem pleasuring you. You have a sexy body.
Everyone loves a tight, sexy body, and you have a fantastic one! 🤤
Love it great body
Of course.
Appreciated
Yes ma’am
Your body is perfect!!
Nice
I really think you are safe on that, you are very beautiful and sexy
Ayy luv to lick betwixt dem cheeks
ABSOLUTELY 🥰
Very nice body
You've got an amazing body. Thank you for sharing
Send as fuck. Cutest ass.
Love back dimples
I love them can I get a close up 🥰
I do.
Shoop delangalang
FEW??! you've no idea.
xD
I love your body IAM a older guy I work out tatted kinda look mean BUT IAM good looking IAM a INFJ I'm a nurching personality and very protective but not over Bering I make money always share equally with my mate why is it so tough to find a girl
Honestly your body looks good
Bwahahaha
This is one of my favourite pornos from her
Appreciate tiny bodies? Girl I fucking LOVE them!
Seems like more than a few enjoy this amazing body of yours.
Damn id [love](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/over-100/products/masturbator-10-rotating-trusting-models-3-moans-interaction-3-in-1-adjustable-hands-free-automatic-men-masturbation-cup-stroker?_pos=1&_sid=661d81a91&_ss=r) to!! You wouldnt get much rest after i got home tho
Nothing better
Nice
Loos like about 8,000 people appreciate your hot body!❤️❤️❤️❤️
nice
Like nearly all guys?
*punching crotch  
Wake up, damn you!
My dick will appreciate it
I won't complain babe.
Absolutely Beautiful
just makes my cock look bigger in contrast
I more then appreciate your body
Just woke up, is this my breakfast?
More than a few...
Wow! Fishing for a compliment worked! lol
Fuck yea.
Man pussy must be tight asf 
Best I can do is 10,000
[Nice](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/over-100/products/masturbator-10-rotating-trusting-models-3-moans-interaction-3-in-1-adjustable-hands-free-automatic-men-masturbation-cup-stroker?_pos=1&_sid=661d81a91&_ss=r) view
There are. Looking good.
You'd very easily get it
very sexy little body you have there. I would love to have some fun tossing you around on my bed ;)
My god woman, youre fucking fantastic thank you for sharing.
I could juat put some cheesy line here but instead, ill go with a sincere one. I genuinely think you are simply gorgeous

Probably tens of thousands!
Youd be my favorite play thing
No I can’t stand tiny little hot asses
Haha
You  have a sexy body. I would love to explore your sexy body.
More than a few
hope you stay and post more often 🤤
Love it
You have a cute body
WOW im crossing my fingers that we meet & your legs will not be crossed :)  Just having fun w/ya 
Very sexy & ty for sharing !!
Oh yes!
“I hope at least some people in the world like ice cream”, equally obvious
Absolutely gorgeous body darlin
I want to play with [that](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/over-100/products/masturbator-10-rotating-trusting-models-3-moans-interaction-3-in-1-adjustable-hands-free-automatic-men-masturbation-cup-stroker?_pos=1&_sid=661d81a91&_ss=r) cheeks with my cock!
Prefer the [ass](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/sex-dolls/products/sex-doll-male-masturbator-with-vagina-and-anal?_pos=1&_sid=a7a5eaed1&_ss=r)hole
Girl girlgirlgirl, you gonna stop saying tiny booty and start saying tight curvy firm sexy booooty.

  


Kthpnxppbyebye 
Yes ma’am
Perfection apparently is not a matter of size.
From the comments you found a few, and here is one more
Tiny? I thought you looked rather tall when I glanced in my feed first.
11.6K peoples likes your body ... so I think that you don't need to worry :D
Can we talk about that while you are sitting on my face??
A few? Well it seems to be a very great many of users!
Oh i do.
That is hot as fuck
✌️
I am have a small penis so I don't really qualify but I likes what i sees...
No, not at all. Just a gorgeous body, why would anyone appreciate that??? Super sexy. Looks super smooth.. delecious
You sonuva bitch I'm in.
10...

out of 5.
The hell kind of stupid dogshit title is that?
Yea this headline kinda pisses me off lol
I do!
I’d love to constantly pleasure your beautiful body! 
Ooo I do... that is such a nice little butt I would like to put my tongue in...
I love it!! I wish I could grab you from your waist and take you to the bedroom. A looong ride is waiting. I cannot imagine how hot 🥵 could be compare my size with your little body 
No need to cross fingers. Spread that pussy open babe
Who you kidding the 1 percent of men like whales the rest like a woman who takes care of themselves.
Just fucking perfect. Guys still like skinny, they just have to say they like fat chicks bc there aren’t nearly enough skinny chicks to go around anymore. But there’s not a guy here who wouldn’t love to show up at a party with a girl like you
STOP THE PRESSES!
WHHAAATTT
Girls too
literally
'this is my first face reveal' and then you go to the user history and its nothing but face pictures
I'm happy to find others are finally getting tired of this shit.
Literally the foundation of my self esteem.
Jesus Christ the comments in this sub make me want to leave earth 

Who the fuck says that?

Edit: just looked through /u/Jerksoffwithnoxzema’s comment history....

Fuckin yikes.
Loce it
That subreddit makes me self conscious
Honestly, I can't stand you now.
4.2!
U too?
'A bit shy, might delete' - GIF of chick giving birth out her ass.
What did the comment say?
It's Reddit. What did you expect?
I don’t understand what’s so wrong about it, sure they are crude, but it’s on a post where people are intentionally showing off their nude body. It’s my understanding that comments like these are not unwelcome as long as they are not harassing op or dming them. Objectification is literally the point of these posts lol
At least he's honest ‍♀️
Somebody call the waaaaahmbulance
"my balls just did the truffle shuffle"

Yikes is right lol, wtf?
That sub rips me apart for not being “petite enough.” At 5’2 and 108 You’re right, I’m huge. 
I know you like the roll of the limousine wheel
Blowin up!
Yeah  
LOL
I mean the standard for acceptable content is already at an abysmal level, but this dude is on a whole other level of sad lonely.
Your whole comment hinges on the presupposition that pornography must be disparaged and objectified. You’re kinda right. 

But this dude just says creepy shit. It’s not okay to be creepy at a syrup club just because there are sex workers there.
So are pedophiles, they’re still creepy fucks.
There are people defending him for not being creepy. 

Tho I guess coming to this sub and saying the comments are creepy is like going to /r/t_d and saying their comments are stupid lol 

They fall on deaf ears here
Ma'am I'm your height and 40lbs heavier, you just made me feel worse 
Fuck those guys, not literally, that’s like the definition of petite
Nice, I like your username :-)
How is it creepy? Explain. Also pornography is by definition objectification. Do you watch porn to objectify the pornstars as an object in that moment or are you watching porn because you care about the depth of that woman’s personality? Just because you objectify someone in the moment doesn’t mean you objectify women in general. What do you want people to comment on posts like these where the literal point is displaying yourself as a sexual object.
Brah you’re on a porn subreddit not a city council meeting
That leap was bigger than Noxzema's weener
Thanks 
If I need to explain why that’s creepy, you’ll never understand. 

Good luck being a weird fuck
Lol I’m just saying being honest doesn’t mean you’re a good person.
You’re being insanely ignorant and close minded. 

Good luck insulting everyone that disagrees with you. 

“I can’t properly explain my viewpoint in a discussion that I started, but it’s their fault”

Nice one dude
Nice logic chief lol

I don’t want to explain it to you because I think you’re a moron. Nothing more nothing less. 

Keep deflecting, maybe one day you’ll figure out why nobody talks to you or asks for advice lol
I’m not the one deflecting. I’ve addressed each and everyone of your points while you have not addressed any of mine and instead resorted to insults and personal attacks. It seems like you are the one who nobody talks to or asks for advice, because you just call them a moron when they disagree with you.


Also if you post a nude selfie on a porn subreddit, would you not want compliments on your nude body that you are showing off?
Well as long as you weakly addressed some things I said you’re good! Not possible to deflect as long as you argue like it’s philosophy 101! 

>	Also if you post a nude selfie on a porn subreddit, would you not want compliments on your nude body that you are showing off?

If you typed out fewer of your thoughts, the world would be a better place. You think that what he was posting are considered compliments? I’m gonna guess you don’t exactly have a line of girls busting your door down lol 

Pretty depressing place to be if you think that getting disparaged is a compliment. But idgaf about you—you can be as lonely as you want my dude.
Very suckable ........
You got Iranian pussy and boobies down. Now we need that Iranian ass!
Keep calm and bia bokhoresh
Bless Persia.
How to get stoned with no weed
I want to tittie fuck them !
ABSOLUTELY gorgeous and you have beautiful eyes
This is so hot!!!!
Wow! Amazing!!
Beautiful
Salam
I love this picture.  You found the loop hole.  It is okay to show off your amazing breast as long as you hide the hair and face.  Please keep posting!!!
Mashallah! So beautiful ❤️
Omg 
Let's fuck
Beautiful eyes
damn your beautiful
So gorgeous amazing body
I'm convinced that boobies are the answer to world peace.
Welcome new redditor, I hope to see more of you around here!
Just can’t take the eyes of ‘em. They’re really appreciable.
Delicious, I hope to see them moving baby
Lovely 
Wow! Just....wow!
hey baby
Perfect for titty fucking 
Damn...
I want taste an Iranian pussy and enjoy your boob action
Wow, and so beautiful too!
They’re hot af
I'd like to explode all over those.
We need more of your Iranian friends on here gorgeous!
Pls Mary me
Persian tits are the best
Fuck !
Persian titties
Got damn!
Nice
If you hear a knock it’s probably the govt, not pervs on Reddit 
Im hungry for more 
I can play with them all day.
I need to get some of those
Amazing ...
Beautiful Iranian nature.
Jooooooooooonnnn biaaa mik bezaram
لذيذ
Oh, I’m a fan of this body of yours.  
Mashallah!!
Wish I was stationed wherever you’re at
You see this is why we need peace between America and Iran
No pull out
Persian babes are the GOAT 
You are gorgeous
Sexy and beautiful 🥰🥰🥰
Fuck 🤩
So perfect heavenly and beautiful. And extremely hypnotic eyes
Pretty
You look like a very skilled assassin.
This is the hottest thing I've ever seen in my life.
Lovely!
Very hot, would love to play with you
Baby those titties are beautiful
Gorgeous body ? ? awesome tits ? ? rocken ass?
When your tits are so amazing that Reddit's blurring doesn't even slightly obscure them.
Top tits !
They looking like 
[That](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/over-100/products/masturbator-10-rotating-trusting-models-3-moans-interaction-3-in-1-adjustable-hands-free-automatic-men-masturbation-cup-stroker?_pos=1&_sid=661d81a91&_ss=r) looks like Alison Brie and it’s hot af
God damn 
Nice
Ur Soo hot
Damn,
You have sexy eyes
I love your Iranian Boobies!
You would be very welcome on r/repressedgonewild
Beautiful tits
I'd give the slut a dirty workout
Only one dat too late for White wednesday ... Damn fine Thursday it is!
You are absolutely gorgeous
Damn sis 
so perfect
Wow, absolutely beautiful.
Beatiful
Wow they look awesome
Thank you!
Really Hot, not “give up Christmas hot”, but really hot.
Iran has the sexiest women in all the Middle East.
So that’s what’s hiding under those garments... 🤤
I like this, word to Mia
I've met a few Iranian people at Uni. Goodness me, you are seriously attractive people.
I wonder what allah would think of this 🤔
With Iranian chicks being this fine, no wonder dudes sacrifice themselves for 40 virgins 🤤🤤
Your Iranian Bombs
Awesome tits. But why ruin it by wrapping your face with toilet paper?
/r/repressedgonewild would love this
Wooooooaaaaahhhh what an Iranian delight!
alluhakbar
Wow 
Spectacular.
I'd love to cover them
Don't look Iranian
PRAISE ALLAH
This is not very haram of you
The hijab kind of detracts from the whole exposed tits part. However, you are still showing more of your face the most girls on here.
Haram, but I like it
Amazing
Mm wow. So alluring 
Gorgeous
Very very sexy
They are perfect! S2
Hiya, your skin looks smooth
So perfect!
Your eyes say it all!
As long as you don't show the face it's okay right?
Thank Allah she covered her face.
Need to dispense some freedom gel on those awesome Iranian boobies..
Post butthole
I think i just came..
Damn girl. Out here looking finer then the damn devil.
So hot..hope to see more. Waiting for Great Iranian Behind
I'd bury my rod deep in u
Please tell me where my home is
“Bahir... GET THE STONES!!”‍♂️
Communist!!!
He's like---look what I made!

Some days he's not as stressed out as others.
Every hand in the world just went up
Oh something is definitely raised right now, but it isnt my hands ;)
‍♂️
‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️
🤚
Love it babe
Oh oh me me 

Ohhhhhh.....me me me me!
I do !
My dick is raised
Yes please!
The perfect kind of girl‍♂️
‍♂️
So much i raised your follower count
You're my husband's dream woman 
‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️‍♂️Who could resist 
Hell yes
My hand is not all that's raised
Can I rise two hands?  Never been with an asian girl. Its my dream 
Here 
I got no hands 
‍♂️ literally all I ever dream about
definition of perfect
I can't raise my have high enough
🥴🥴🥴🥴🤤🤤🤤🤤🤚🤚🤚🤚🤚

Oh please pick me!
Damn straight
Absolutely amazing 🤤
I do , hands are not the only thing that’s raising up...
God daaaaamn, I want my hands all over that perfect body.
Follow
Boning a small asian girl with big tiddies is definetely on my bucket list.
Beautiful
🥇
Wow, you have great tits.  What size are those things?
Perfect tits for tittyfuck. Love them 
‍♂️
Wow! I would [love](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/sex-dolls/products/sex-doll-male-masturbator-with-vagina-and-anal?_pos=1&_sid=a7a5eaed1&_ss=r) to take you from behind
I’m in love 🥰
you are like the best thing ever!
What makes a man? Is it the woman on his arms? Just cause shes got big titties...

Or is it the way he fights every day?

No its probably the titties.
‍♂️ my #1 fetish tbh
Sorry but you have my hands occupied with something else
This is the best comment
You the best
Totally understand 
Something else went up. The hand went _down_ 
What’s my prize?
Coz word on the reddit has it that Princess Titties only like the best.
Small in what way? Those tits are more than a handful by the look of things
Whoa, I was not expecting this when reading the title. Beautiful tits.
Sexy curves. Lovely nipples looks like they could use a sucking
Not everything seems small.
Genuinely curious.

Did you get implants? All your pictures, no matter the pose, are in the same position.
All the love you want 
Mmm
All of it.

The most love 
God with a body like that you will get all the love.
Oh yeah. Lots of 
Definitely! You look amazing! 
Lovely
Whole lot of love ❤️
Any? You mean “Lots” of love shit very sexy ! I’ll drink your bath water you look so amazing
Such a beauty !
Much much loving
Sooo sexy (:
Small Korean girl with perfect Korean tits
F’yeah.
Yes, more Asian girl
Small?? 
Would ❤️small Korean girl on my face❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Fuhkkkkk......
DAMN! You have FANTASTIC TITTIES!
Fuck yeah!
Big love for the small Korean girl!  Your beautiful brown nips can be first in line for attention from my lips.
All the love that you want.
Omg so hot
I’d squirt loads of hot “love” all over your beautiful perky tits!
I only see two big girls, and I love them! 
I lived in Korea for a year and never got to experience this! 🤪
How much do you need?
Lot's of love for u
With a body like that there’s tons of love
Oh hell yes
There is nothing small about those... lovely.
Yesss loads
Her nipples look like Hershey's kisses i love them 
🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵
The most beautiful nipples I've ever seen
넌 좋은 엉덩이 씨발이야
neon joh-eun eongdeong-i ssibal-iya
Perfection personified
Who doesn't love a small Korean girl with beautiful tits like yours 
Gorgeous love kiss all over your small korean bodyloving them tits
I ❤️❤️❤️ a small Koran girl, and you have one incredibly unbelievable body. Your tits are perfection.
Wow. You are gorgeus
That’s ridiculously nice!
Stunning
perfect breasts
Lots
잘 보고갑디다 
Perfection!! Love your rack 
You remind me of a woman I got a massage/happy ending off of in Vegas lol
Holy shit. The best boobs I have seen in the recent times. Period.
W O W that's just wow
You’re beautiful
You’re not small for a Korean girl!
Yup. 
Hell yeah baby
Dayum
Korean women are the hottest
Such a gorgeous body and a spectacular set of puppies. Just stunning 
Great nipples
Gotta alot of love for you here ;)
Sexy
Great body
Yes all the love 
Very sexy
Hot as fuck 
Small or perfect? Absolutely stunning!
A ton of love!!!!!!!!!!!
Bring that sexy Korean body over here and sit on my big puertorican cock
Come to Canada for some big thick Moose cock?
Magnificent
모든 내 사랑
Amazing!!!
Girl!! What a hot body
Honey, you're not small. You're a fucking goddess. What lovely tits. Bet your ass is divine, as well! 🤩
How gorgeous
Beautiful nipples
You’re clearly a woman, not a girl
Small? What's your measurements sexy?!?!
Damn girl you're so sexy and hot and I really want to see you getting off!!
Gorgeous
If that's small, I never want to go for big. 
LOTS
And I just cummed again. This pic is insanely hot.  My pants are covered in cum.
Holy shit! This is the best pic ever. You have such great breasts. And nipples. So suckable.
Amazing body
Yes maam
Yes
Wow. I'm speechless.
Perfect boobs. Love the subtle tan lines too 
Gorgeous
I love Korean women. 

Much love
Fuck yes, I have some hard Irish Cock for you.
Hell yes there is, right here
Hell yes there is, right here
I think I just fainted a little...
You have a great body thanks for sharing.
 Very busty small Korean girls, hell yes,  your hot as fuck.
You get all the love 🤤
Beautiful nipples and their color
Small was the not the word I was thinking of...
Love to suck on your lovely nipples
Nice
Hell yeah. I love me some Asian girls!!!!
10/10 boobs
I go to Korea all the time for work, I think the women are beautiful, as are you!!
com 2 Brazil
More! More! You look like art.
Mannnnnnnnnn.............
So much love for you 
holy shit
My jaw hurts from hitting the floor
Nothing small about you! Mega smoking hot and super sexy
I love small Korean girl too 
Wanta be wid a caribbean man?
Were korean girls always this sexy?
That body is simply perfection.
All the love in the fucking world, beautiful
Great body and amazing nips, lost me at fake boobs though. But it seems, to each his own. Giving a shout out to all the homies in here who love the fakies. I've found many rich men love this. Good luck beautiful.
Small Korean girl, huge sexy titties
it's the first time I would like to visit both North and South Korea
Brown nipples are amazing
Always!
Wheres the boji?

Holy shit.. Best tits I’ve seen so far.
All the love!!!
Um all the  love
Beautiful
Mmm Koreans are yummy!
I need this and a plate of kimchi ASAP! So stunning!
Damn What a sexy af little hottie - thanks for the post of that sexy af body & I'll give a whole lot of to a small korean girl with amazing boobs
I would but I'm dead now.
Milk duds are one of my favorite candies.
All of the love
All the love.
Yes. Come here and let me show u
Suck able areolas
All the love!! All of it... just take it!!🥵🥰
Absolutely amazing!!
Absolutely amazing!!
OMG!! Sooo hott! 
Amazing tits
Amazing! Such a hot little thing.
Show face
I don’t see anything small in this pic 
Nothing is small about you love
Ill give you all my love
Gorgeous
Gorgeous!
Always
Damn
What I'm focusing on isn't small
That depends...can I put you on my shoulders while I eat you out
Yesssss and fuck yessssss you horny sexy? 🤤
So, what you’re saying is that some of the porn on GDP could be underaged? No one who has watched it will be arrested will they?
Marry [her](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/sex-dolls/products/sex-doll-male-masturbator-with-vagina-and-anal?_pos=1&_sid=a7a5eaed1&_ss=r)
Lol.  You lie.  You’re big in and . 
Jesus Christ, [that](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/over-100/products/masturbator-10-rotating-trusting-models-3-moans-interaction-3-in-1-adjustable-hands-free-automatic-men-masturbation-cup-stroker?_pos=1&_sid=661d81a91&_ss=r) hand slipped right in
For sharing your hotness, kam samidan!
I wanna suck on those things.... yikes.
Love those tits
Wow!
Anytime anyw[her](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/sex-dolls/products/sex-doll-male-masturbator-with-vagina-and-anal?_pos=1&_sid=a7a5eaed1&_ss=r)e
Sooo sexy and nice !
Let’s meet & see
Yummy I love your body
Mmmm

 Beautiful 🥰
My jaw has dropped
Those ain’t small!
Holy fuck you made me cum quick.
Damn! I want to cum on your tits!
[That](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/over-100/products/masturbator-10-rotating-trusting-models-3-moans-interaction-3-in-1-adjustable-hands-free-automatic-men-masturbation-cup-stroker?_pos=1&_sid=661d81a91&_ss=r)s absolutely not a massage
I [love](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/sex-dolls/products/sex-doll-male-masturbator-with-vagina-and-anal?_pos=1&_sid=a7a5eaed1&_ss=r) them like you
So much! Give me more please I beg of you 
There are parts of this Korean girl that are not small at all, but I can assure I have much love for her.
🤤🤤 girl... U deserve all th love in the world.. Your body is a sin
Small Korean girl, regular sized tits. All about perspective.
thick thighs save lives, thick ass give em whiplash
Your [ass](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/over-100/products/masturbator-10-rotating-trusting-models-3-moans-interaction-3-in-1-adjustable-hands-free-automatic-men-masturbation-cup-stroker?_pos=1&_sid=661d81a91&_ss=r) looks thiccer than a bowl of oatmeal??
Same ☝
And Id be happy to suck them.
Great fakes. No need to be self conscious about some work.
Understandable but fakes are real turn offs for some.
Hear, hear...
Maaaaaybe lose the panties. But other than that, I think it looks great
Yes.
Of course you should.
Kaitlyn?!
Gotta make graduation interesting somehow
maybe we’d be cute together? 
You remind me of u/cuntnugget22
Show up to my house like that and I’ll give you a graduation present
Yes, you look perfect 
Stunning
Yes, then after you should come here, and I'll make sure you get your Dick-ploma 
Only if you invite me.
Congrats on graduating. Stunning body!
Yes
Maybe some lace underwear or a really hot garter belt and cupless corset with stockings.
Absolutely. But would you really?
Well yes, maybe you should, what could go wrong? :D
Yes and please make a video of it
Only if theres video of you doing it. (And no minors)
Should I show up and fuck you on your zoom graduation?
I think you would even if we said no lol!
No that would be inappropriate. 
Congratulations on your degree what were you studying ?
You should show up to my house like that
Reminds me of Porky's Revenge.
Why not with a load of cum on your face?
Oh my!!!
What are they going to do?  Expel you?
Well if you do that will certainly give them something to talk about at every reunion that you ever have.
Goddess
Yes. Being on your knees is a nice touch.
Damn u r immaculate.
Those are very [nice](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/over-100/products/masturbator-10-rotating-trusting-models-3-moans-interaction-3-in-1-adjustable-hands-free-automatic-men-masturbation-cup-stroker?_pos=1&_sid=661d81a91&_ss=r) nails
You look fit as hell, nice work!
I can go down on you during your graduation then fucking you after so hot. Also happy graduation.
You should show up to my house like that.
I'd come if you did
Hmmm please do beautiful 
No [she](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/over-100/products/masturbator-10-rotating-trusting-models-3-moans-interaction-3-in-1-adjustable-hands-free-automatic-men-masturbation-cup-stroker?_pos=1&_sid=661d81a91&_ss=r) doesn’t, she’s paid to like it
Nope.


Lose the panties first 
Patricia?!?!
It’s been so long! You look great!
How are the kids? You still sleeping with my ex?
They’re great, just put the little one through 2nd grade. I haven’t gone back since he called me Kaitlyn. I should’ve listened to ya
Joke's on you, I don't have a girlfriend....


Wait, I made myself sad
I’m a guy with a wife who is most definitely checking you out. In private of course. 
Damn I need a clementine :)
Haha. ‘Girlfriends’.
I think if I saw you it would be obvious
What about us married ones that check you out?
And u like that?
Wooow 
Caught me
So damn sexy
She’s so mad about it too
You would give me whiplash!
I'd try and be subtle checking you out and fail horribly.

I’m super discreet, don’t be taking shots at me lol
Yikes
My wife is checking you out too, geez we probably share commentary too
Goddamn, you’re hot. I just went on a walk with my girlfriend, and scrolled through your profile when we stopped in the shade for a bit. 

She didn’t catch me 
Yah but think of all the dudes with girlfriends that are going to jerk off to you
Can you blame them though?
Wowsers you’re great!
Maybe you have something left over from lunch in your front teeth. Every think of that?
I will just come get to check you out. Get a better picture ;)
My girlfriend would most definitely be checking you out too. She's very bicurious.
[Beautiful](http://www.tqttky.cn/collections/over-100/products/masturbator-10-rotating-trusting-models-3-moans-interaction-3-in-1-adjustable-hands-free-automatic-men-masturbation-cup-stroker?_pos=1&_sid=661d81a91&_ss=r) smile!
I absolutely wanna pound your tight little fucking pussy with my thick throbbing dick till you squeeze every last drop of cum out of me, into you
Me too! Go figure 
You fucking retard?
Username checks out
Can we see the other "sun kissed" part of your body?
Looking absolutely beautiful 
Love your smile 
Those tan lines..
Sun kissed and I would kiss anything  you wanted🥳
amazing
Very hot babe and lovely tits xxx
Great body
Can I kiss you sun more?
So sexy
Gorgeous! I’d kiss you all over 
mmmm.. I want my warm mouth to kiss those tits!!
My goodness those dimples are making me weak in the knees.
Happy belated birthday Sweet Pea and hope you got sunkissed where the sun dont shine 

Wow
cute dimples 
You’re incredibly good looking.
I'd kiss your body all over too. You are gorgeous 
Gorgeous! Especially that smile 
So pretty!  And so great to see you again!  We missed you!❤️
Jess?
You look cute. Nice smile
I'd like to kiss u all over
That smile..... that damned smile
I hope you don't mind if I give those tits a kiss
Nice dimples
Wanna feel cum-kissed?
That smile
I love dimples! And smiles that look real. Oh, and great breasts, too.
Fuck, you're so cute.
Those dimples definitely needs to be filled with jizz Bc so fucking cute
Thank you! :)
Would you like to chat?
Oh that’s sweet☺️
Mmm looks so tasty!!
Beautiful
Nice pussy baby ;)
I’d like to clock into you
Mmmmmm, I would like a sneak taste too
Looks like it needs to be stretched before work too
Let me sneak under your desk while you work, I promise to make you unproductive 
Mmmm!  I’d eat that delicious peach until your juices run down my chin!
Beautiful clit awesome pussy
you deserve a good licking 